hi everyone today i want to tell
about the dryer
fruit dryer vegetables I very much
I looked in the y-tube about dried and
I chose Scarlett myself
why did she take it in the first place I
wanted a small-small compact
secondly, I wanted the pallets
were wide there is a pallet which narrow
why I wanted wide because apples
pears here on compote when you have it all
don't you cut so fine yes then they
dry up but still somehow sit and
finely cut well i think frivolously i
I already dried pepper
and the squares of the case and the tubes of the case
here it turned out so dry
small but when you lie in the dish she
swell pear apples nasushit nasushit
already made compote you know and even dried
Here are some grapes
carrot carrot even here I have now
here too dried up here 5
containers, but now I have three
container
served in a dish who knows who saw already
also watched on y tube that all this
swell everything is ok good carrot
the same thing we buy spices in
shop and it is better to buy a dryer once
for fruits and vegetables and dry at home by yourself
or buy to walk these little ones
rub the bags yes for 40 rubles I think
profitable here are
see for yourself how you like someone
like narrow pallets but i like
wide but she is small
small and compact so here's
that's successful is my lucky I buy
I do not regret that I bought it I am pleased I
land on not as you see all the things zucchini
and tomatoes too so look
buy dry well on it all
thanks and goodbye